Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/dashboard_nyc_taxi/README.md

# Dashboard for NYC Taxi Trip Analysis

> This example shows how to define a Declarative Automation Bundle with an AI/BI dashboard and a job that captures a snapshot of the dashboard and emails it to a subscriber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example shows how to define an AI/BI dashboard and a job that captures a snapshot of the dashboard and emails it to a subscriber.
```
